#Travellog Database Schema

This is a simple database schema for a travel logging application. It
includes tables for users, drivers, cars, bookings, invoices, routes,
car inventory, driver schedules, admins, payments, locations, car types,
discounts, and driver ratings. The project is a comprehensive travel
management system designed to streamline the process of booking vehicles
for various purposes such as business trips, vacations, and daily
commutes. It provides users with a platform to browse available cars,
select pickup and drop-off locations, schedule bookings, and make
payments seamlessly.

###Features User Management: Allows users to create accounts, manage
personal information, and view booking history. Booking System:
Facilitates the booking of vehicles by selecting pickup and drop-off
locations, along with preferred dates and times. Driver Management:
Manages a pool of drivers including their details and availability
status. Vehicle Inventory: Tracks the availability and status of
vehicles, ensuring efficient allocation and utilization. Payment
Integration: Supports various payment methods for completing bookings
securely. Admin Panel: Provides administrators with tools to manage
users, drivers, vehicles, bookings, and payments. Feedback System:
Enables users to rate drivers and provide feedback on their experiences.

###Database: MySQL

###Tables in the SQL Code User: stores information about the users of
the application. Driver: stores information about the drivers who are
available for bookings. Car: stores information about the cars that are
available for bookings. Booking: stores information about the bookings
made by the users. Invoice: stores information about the invoices
generated for each booking. Route: stores information about the
different routes available for travel. Car_Inventory: stores information
about the inventory of cars available for bookings. Driver_Schedule:
stores information about the availability of drivers for bookings.
Admin: stores information about the administrators of the application.
Payment: stores information about the payments made by the users.
Location: stores information about the different locations available for
travel. Car_Type: stores information about the different types of cars
available for bookings. Discount: stores information about the different
discounts available for bookings. Driver_Rating: stores information
about the ratings given to the drivers by the users.
